pride.inform
============
The player is Elizabeth Bennet from Pride and Prejudice, and she is at the Netherfield Estate to visit her sick sister, Jane, and to explore the place. The player has to find water and give it to Jane. If she does, the game ends with her sister feeling better. If Jane finds the medicine and gives it to Jane, the game ends with Jane dying.
In this IF, I wanted to give a lot of descriptions and have the player be able to do a bunch of things. I was able to create new actions that Inform didn’t recognize such as washing hands and talking to NPCs. I was able to do this, but I don’t have any real puzzles in my game. I got stuck when I didn’t know how to hide the cat, but I used another IF as reference to figure it out. Allison was able to help me by suggesting more descriptions of things and I was able to help Allison by suggesting that she put NPCs in her game to make it more interesting. 
I tested Allison’s game and told her that a few NPCs would be beneficial to the game. Allison tested my game and found some things that didn’t work and told me to put more description. 
In Inform, I like the feeling of not having any errors and having things work out the way I planned. The most challenging thing was figuring out what Inform could do and what I had to make new code for. Figuring out what’s wrong with things when they don’t work correctly is also challenging. When I had questions, the most useful resources were other students’ IFs and Ms Kiang. Advice I would give to someone who just started to learn Inform is to persevere and that there is no shame in taking code from other people, so long as you credit them. I’m most proud of coding for things that Inform doesn’t recognize, like washing and talking to NPCs.
